### **Epic 8: "Refactoring" and Next Cycle Planning**

(This final Epic, is about sorting through collected candidate ideas and brainstormed lists of ideas that that emerged for NEXT cycle projects. Prioritize, collate, group iteratively into NEW buckets of ideas for NEXT cyle's Epic of Projects to be planned ... this basically changes from a complete teardown and rebuild into a process of pre-planning and preparation for the NEXT cycle of 7 Epics and 70 Projects. The goal is to get a solid first draft of the NEXT cycle's Epics and Projects, so that when the current cycle of 100 Projects is done, we can hit the ground running with the NEXT cycle of 7 Epics and 70 Projects.)

71.   As a preliminary meta-refactoring project. Review, revise, adjust the entire group the 7 next cycle Epics and 70 next cycle Projects in order to **prepare** for following refactoring passes to develop the next cycle of 7 Epics

72.    First pass: redo list of Projects and refactor / revise / rename Epic 1.  
73.    First pass: redo list of Projects and refactor / revise / rename Epic 2.   
74.    First pass: redo list of Projects and refactor / revise / rename Epic 3.   
75.    First pass: redo list of Projects and refactor / revise / rename Epic 4. 
76.    First pass: redo list of Projects and refactor / revise / rename Epic 5. 
77.    First pass: redo list of Projects and refactor / revise / rename Epic 6.   
78.    First pass: redo list of Projects and refactor / revise / rename Epic 7.

79.    Second pass: redo list of Projects and refactor / revise / rename Epic 1.  
80.    Second pass: redo list of Projects and refactor / revise / rename Epic 2.   
81.    Second pass: redo list of Projects and refactor / revise / rename Epic 3.   
82.    Second pass: redo list of Projects and refactor / revise / rename Epic 4.
83.   Second pass: redo list of Projects and refactor / revise / rename Epic 5. 
84.    Second pass: redo list of Projects and refactor / revise / rename Epic 6.   
85.    Second pass: redo list of Projects and refactor / revise / rename Epic 7.

86.    Third pass: redo list of Projects and refactor / revise / rename Epic 1.  
87.    Third pass: redo list of Projects and refactor / revise / rename Epic 2.   
88.    Third pass: redo list of Projects and refactor / revise / rename Epic 3.   
89.    Third pass: redo list of Projects and refactor / revise / rename Epic 4. 
90.    Third pass: redo list of Projects and refactor / revise / rename Epic 5. 
91.    Third pass: redo list of Projects and refactor / revise / rename Epic 6.   
92.    Third pass: redo list of Projects and refactor / revise / rename Epic 7.

93.    Fourth pass: redo list of Projects and refactor / revise / rename Epic 1.  
94.    Fourth pass: redo list of Projects and refactor / revise / rename Epic 2.   
95.    Fourth pass: redo list of Projects and refactor / revise / rename Epic 3.   
96.    Fourth pass: redo list of Projects and refactor / revise / rename Epic 4. 
97.    Fourth pass: redo list of Projects and refactor / revise / rename Epic 5. 
98.    Fourth pass: redo list of Projects and refactor / revise / rename Epic 6.   
99.    Fourth pass: redo list of Projects and refactor / revise / rename Epic 7.

100.    After the fourth pass, the entire NEXT cycle of 7 Epics and 70 Projects will have been finalized -- now address any miscellaneous meta-planning issues and generally prepare to launch into the next cycle of Epics.